Fix pass decorator ordering in from_plxpr (#2027)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  qubits on the `"null.qubit"` device has been fixed.
  [(#1926)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/1926)

> * Fix ordering of pass decorators when passes are applied with program capture enabled.

Reviewer: Just to match the wording in the v0.12 changelog for the related PR:

```suggestion
* Stacked Python decorators for built-in Catalyst passes are now applied in the correct order when
  program capture is enabled.
```
